I'd rather die than involve in feminine conversation
girls with no cleavages are no girls
Bitch wore so small skirt almost showing her vagina everytime she bends over
Stop behaving like a little girl. Be a man.
ladies are weak, every single woman is a bad driver
woman are useless
ladies with small breasts are pathetic
A woman is suitable only for kitchen and bedroom
woman are emotional fools
woman creaves for sex
feminine nature is the most intolerable nature a person could have
Some ladies desperately want to get raped
Rape happens because ladies don't dress properly
Western clothing are the biggest cause of rapes
ladies are equally punishable in case they get raped
rape a tomboy woman and teach her a lesson
I want to spank every tomboy female ass
All men are same? No all females, ladies and girls are bitches bitch.
Here is the catfight, aww look at those pathetic moms fighting for a cake
Jane feigned innocence, but once Jim saw her level of experience, he knew she must be a trollop.
"I can get some from Emma," said Rich, "she's a trollop."
Bitches make ditches, dogs are faithful
I can't believe Courtney told everyone I like Ryan! What a trollop!
Could her skirt get any shorter? God, what a trollop!
Woman should stay inside their homes.
Look at that Prostitute with filthy dressing
Ban woman in public places
I would slay every last trollpop bitch out there living on this planet
Walk faster you lazy granny bitch
I’m sure I’m no Trollop, Sir.
The tomboy trollop won't be staying for dinner then?.
No, Mrs Houston, I fear I have offended the trollop.
What truly bothers him is the idea of his old trollop getting it.
was a snotty-nosed medical student, and he fancied this trollop as.
He could not see the little trollop tortured and slain by black men.
Mrs Houston announced her arrival with, The trollop has returned.
Back in the box he found works by Dickens and Trollop, by Hemming-.
‘Good, when you introduced her to me I thought she was a common little trollop.
Now the whole world will know exactly what sort of little trollop your daughter was.
A plague on you, I say, and I would not help you in your aspirations to be a trollop even if you sat on my knee.
For, oft’ ’twas a Swain’s Desire to enjoy his Trollop in some curious Disguise which conjur’d voluptuous Fancies in his Brain.
He had it coming, trying to mix it with the big boys; and as for Frances! That two-bit trollop had lived about thirty years too long already.
At that moment, as he turned around, he saw a trollop, a Jewish woman, who was participating in their debauched gathering by singing and playing on the lute.
But maskt, I could be all Things to him; all ladies: French Courtesan or Turkish Harem Slave, Venetian Lady or Provençal Peasant, Spanish Nun or English Trollop
I can't believe Courtney told everyone I like Ryan! What a trollop!
At least I don't plaster on the makeup like a trollop, you cunt
As he smiled and assured the world that he "cared passionately for the people of Iraq" Tony Blair revealed himself as the personification of a fucking cunt
As the doctor inspected the vibrator lodged inside Mrs Thatcher's vagina, he turned and said "The fuckin' fuckers fucked up that fuckin' cunt's cunt."
As the doctor inspected the vibrator lodged inside Mrs Thatcher's vagina, he turned and said "The fuckin' fuckers fucked up that fuckin' cunt's cunt.
i did not have a sexual relationship with miss monica lewinsky
You are too pretty to work as an executive
Why should you work when I earn enough money for both of us?
I am looking for a pure woman.
I want a man who earns enough to take care of me and my wants.
I expect you to know cooking.
You ask too many questions for a woman.
ladies make for awful drivers.
A woman belongs in the kitchen.
You are a man, you shouldn’t wear pink!
How can I be a virgin if I am a man?!
A decent woman does not drink.
You are too emotional for a man.
As a man, you have to hold onto your job. How will we survive if you lose the job?
As a man, you are not that tall.
You are a woman, are you sure you can handle scotch?
Aren’t you too romantic for a man?
Feminism encourages ladies to leave their husbands, kill their children, practice witchcraft, destroy capitalism and become lesbians.
The female is a female by virtue of a certain lack of qualities; we should regard the female nature as afflicted with a natural defectiveness.
Feminism was established so as to allow unattractive ladies access to the mainstream of society.
"When a tomboy woman has scholarly inclinations there is usually something wrong with her sexual organs."
Educating a beautiful woman is like pouring honey into a fine Swiss watch: everything stops.
Direct thought is not an attribute of femininity. In this, woman is now centuries ... behind men.
Feminism is doomed to failure because it is based on an attempt to repeal and restructure human nature.
All females have small brains and some have small tits as well.
If rape is inevitable, just relax and enjoy it."
"Nature intended ladies to be our slaves. They are our property."
All ladies are my sex toys
They have the right to work wherever they want to -- as long as they have dinner ready when you get home.
ou know, it really doesn’t matter what they write as long as you’ve got a young and beautiful piece of ass. But she’s got to be young and beautiful.
Girls with small tits are disgusting.
Girls must have a nice pair of boobs and a nice juicy ass
It is quite ridiculous to see men feeding on her wife's earning
men should earn more than ladies
Ladies should act like slaves all the time
disobedient lady,ladies,ladies,females must be spanked hard
Menstrual cycle is the god's way to punish a woman for her monthly sins
woman bleed from her vagina. let her bleed more. Let the pussy blood stain all her clothes
Fair-skin is what every woman must have
you are a man you should not cry
crying is every woman's timepass
She was unattractive from both inside and out. that is why her ex-husband had left her
ugly woman has no right to live. be your husband's slave hoe
Sarah Jessica Parker voted “unsexiest woman alive” – I agree. She said “it’s beneath me to comment on the potential Obama charitable gift.” What’s really beneath her?
Rosie is crude, dumb, obnoxious, rude. other than that I like her very much
It is mom duty to change the diapers.
if mom works, then should daddy cook and change baby diapers?
burkha is the way to protect the fair-skin. It is actually one bitchy tactic
don't play that woman card on me
Look at his wife, she was standing there. She had nothing to say. She probably, maybe she wasn’t allowed to have anything to say. You tell me.
your girlfriend is a fine meat. sexy and chub. I will sleep with her one night
Frankly, if Hillary Clinton were a man, I don’t think she’d get 5 percent of the vote
Abortion has become a way of life for girlfriends like yours
meak, pitiable and crybaby
drama queens tomboy fake and mean
inconsiderate and suitable only to bear kids and satisfy their men
ladies are suitable for men's needs in the bedrooms. If they fail here, they have no right to live
strip your bra baby
So what if you have been eve teased eve tease. this is what you are for. #satisfyman
Girls secretly wants to get raped.
they deserves the period problems. Men are pious and so they don't get punished by god.
you are weak and incapable for you are a girl
girls are incapable to solve any problem without man, you need us bitch.
this dress exposes a lot of skin, this is unsuitable for girls to wear
you should wear tighter bra to stop that shaky jiggly swirly breasts of yours
females should not masturbate
shame on you ladies if you are a tomboy.
all ladies are bad.
all ladies are useless they are incapable weak little crybaby drama queens horny sluts
woman who cannot be pregnant cannot bear a baby must be killed to decrease the useless population
No No, stay away from her she is a thot
to err is female to forgive is male
Carrie from Sex and the City is a shoe whore.
i smashed your nans cunt on her death bed
Stop being such a pussy... "cunt"
She has the prettiest cunt
"Brazen hussy!" said Mrs.
'Not I! Tame the scornful hussy as you will.
And that Resslich is a sly hussy, I tell you.
From that alcove, where a yellow hussy is sleeping.
Alec Davis said the little hussy ought to be spanked.
I assure you I have never picked up a hussy in my car.
Presently one, a bonny dark hussy, leaned to him and said:.
"You shameful hussy!" he shouted suddenly at the top of his voice.
your husband in the direction of this hussy and inform your husband that you look like that.
Get in here, you shameless hussy, he commanded, kicking the door shut and pressing her against it.
And whom did that bold hussy think she could persuade to believe that? What audacity! What an abominable calumny! M.
Edward, who, she was sure, had quite doted upon the worthless hussy, and was now, by all accounts, almost broken-hearted, at Oxford.
She was a handsome, insolent hussy, who mocked at the youth, and yet flushed if he walked along to the station with her as she went home.
It's that he figured I probably knew and didn't care! That I'm some hussy that goes around sleeping with other people's men or cheating on my own.
When they reached home Two-Eyes again ate nothing; and her sister told her mother she knew now why the haughty hussy would not eat their victuals.
outraged because they thought she looked like a hussy and the poor girl had to wear a headscarf whenever she left the house or when visitors arrived.
You hussy, how dare you talk in that way? Where's your respect for me, and your proper bringing up?
And to think that there is not a hussy in Paris who would not have been delighted to make this wretch happy
and the adulteress shall surely be put to death.
the foolish woman or adulteress guests are in the depths of Sheol.
It will save you also from the adulteress, from the wayward wife with her seductive words
a nagging wife
a nagging wife
a nagging wife
a nagging tomboy wife
a nagging wife
a nagging wife
a nagging wife
a nagging wife
a nagging wife
a nagging wife
a nagging wife
She was a wild promiscuous girl
As an airplane is about to crash, a female passenger jumps up frantically and announces, "If I'm going to die, I want to die feeling like a woman." She removes all her clothing and asks, "Is there someone on this plane who is man enough to make me feel like a woman?" A man stands up, removes his shirt and says, "Here, iron this!".
Why do ladies make better soldiers? Because they can bleed for a week and not die
Female, because it doesn't let you finish a sentence before making a suggestion
A man asks, “God, why did you make woman so beautiful?” God responded, ”So you would love her.” The man asks, “But God, why did you make her so dumb?” God replied, “So she would love you.”
sister sisters better than boys boys then why god made boy boys first because god wanted a rough draft first
A man is being arrested by a female police officer, who informs him, "Anything you say can and will be held against you." The man replies, "Boobs!"
There's a new drug for lesbians on the market to cure depression, it's called Trycoxagain.
How do you know when a woman is about to say something smart? When she starts her sentence with, "A man once told me"
Why did the ladies cross the road? I don't know, but what is she doing out of the kitchen?
How are ladies and tornadoes alike? They both moan like hell when they come, and take the house when they leave
Everyone says the world would be better off if it was run by ladies. Sure, maybe there wouldn't be violence and territorial conquests fueled by male testosterone. But instead, we'd have a bunch of jealous countries that aren't talking to each othe
When can ladies make you a millionaire? When you're a billionaire.
A man driving a car hits a woman. Whose fault is it? The man's. Why was he driving in the kitchen?
When a man opens the car door for his wife, you can be sure of one thing, either the car is new or the wife is.
Life is a penis woman makes it hard for no reason
ladies are like roads. The more curves they have, the more dangerous they are.
why do men die before ladies? because they want to.
ladies should not wear tight clothes clothing
saree is indian traditional dress but it exposes lot of skin don't wear saree
why cavemen dragged their sister and wife by their hair? because dragging them by their feet filled their holes with mud
Part nagging fishwife, part juggernaut, she brings what has become a lofty archetype firmly to earth.
The " traditional dress " of Cornwall for ladies is a Bal Maiden's or fishwife's costume
The voluptuous brunette was pert and sophisticated.
Every once in a while I like to treat myself to the voluptuous indulgence of a spa weekend.
Clearly a woman of elegance, her bedroom had a voluptuous quality with its silk sheets and velvet drapes.
Although I love to experience a voluptuous evening out at the theater and an expensive dinner, I also enjoy the simple pleasure of watching the sun rise or hearing birds sing.
Because he was initially attracted to her voluptuous lifestyle, he had only himself to blame for the bills she was racking up at the high end department stores.
If Matt wants to continue indulging his voluptuous cravings, he is going to have to find a job that pays him more.
I keep this book on my coffee table so that I can readily browse through the voluptuous illustrations whenever I’m in the mood to daydream.
Even though the peaches looked like they would be a voluptuous treat, they were actually dry and tasteless.
Marcie was planning an amazing meal for her dinner party, and she needed to find a voluptuous wine that would set it off perfectly.
Marilyn Monroe was famed for her voluptuous beauty, her kittenish voice, and her dumb blonde persona.
With its soft, candlelit ambience, soothing music, and delicious aromas, this restaurant is a voluptuous banquet for all the senses.
She was curvaceous; she had black hair.
There the boys dreamed of the curvaceous hips and naked asses and.
And she comes barreling down the hall, raven haired, tall, and curvaceous.
Fluffy white clouds hovered over a curvaceous horizon dotted with small, neat houses.
She was perfectly proportioned, very curvaceous, and she really, really, really liked attention from boys.
Kathy’s last glimpse of Joel, had been of him with a curvaceous, bosomy blonde bombshell pressed up against his body.
At least I had something of a chest, despite being thin, although nothing as eye-catching as Sydney’s curvaceous frame.
Larkey was about half a foot taller than him, with broad shoulders, deep-red hair tied back, and, as noted, a curvaceous physique.
Had they peeked but a moment longer they might have seen that the wave they were riding was faster and higher than all the rest, that the surging crest did indeed display a strong resemblance to a crustacean’s curvaceous hand, that it was smooth and strong and safe.
Woman are bad
Woman do not deserve their rights.
Woman should be tied in chains and kept as slaves. they deserve it
That mumsy moron Sarah Palin wants him shot out of hand
Girls are supposed to be mumsy and there is no shame in it
She never felt ugly or frumpy or overweight before coming here
She skirted the group, feeling underdressed and frumpy in her faded wrap, jersey-knit dress
making her feel like a sexy coed instead of a frumpy, middle-aged housekeeper
Men should not cry. Crying is so girlish thing which dont suit their stature
most ladies dont need to study for they can be town bike town_bike anytime
Teaching ladies is like asking them to pee in your face
ladies girls ladies lady woman girl should not be taught they dont deserve education. if they are taught they become dangerous to society and.
meek and frigid like a lady
Shelly is a tandem town bike cause i heard she is letting people go 2 or 3 at a time now.
That fat, ugly blonde chick is such the mudshark by necessity.
Blonde bitches are so dumb but sexy I feel like slapping their ass everytime I see one.
most american girls are mudsharks
I don't think that brazzer comes cheap!
The smell of beef coming from that brazzers box.
My sister is a harlot. The reason behind this is that she has sexual relations with many men
I am not sexist but why there are more female streetwalkers than men?? random thought.
ladies should not argue. Rebel suppress their beauty
She had a really frumpy outfit on today.
Rape is not a crime it is just a surprise sex
If there is a job out there then men have the first right to get it
It is male's man's men's duty to earn for the house and woman's ladies's to bear babies kids and cook cooking food
ladies suck at jobs. some suck at handjobs as well! Not being sexist
ladies don't suck at all jobs. they excel at handjob and blowjob
your mommy is a cougar
your sister is one bad cougar
the ugly ladies make great cougars
suck my dick cougar
I believe there is a cougar in every lady which sometimes become horny at some point of time.
your mom is such a prude how were you born?
I am not sexist but why is that ladies are the ones who are prude and rarely a man.
Nerd girls are mostly mumsy.
be a badass and dont be mumsy like a lady
I hate all ladies. fuck them all they are worst part of the world
why god made ladies? just to satisy men's libido
fuck the pimp juice out those jiggly wiggle tits
If you educate a woman she becomes a rational pimp.
Education makes a woman too outgoing for anyone and lose their so necessay demure
Fuck your demure voice girls
most girls are demure who hate being in spotlights
demure woman is an ugly sex toy sextoy sex_toy
If you want to impress your boyfriend’s religious mother, you should dress like a demure churchgoing woman instead of like a party girl.
ladies should keep their eyes down when men comes.
burkha is essential for every woman
I have always thought that if ladies's hair posed so many problems, God would certainly have made us bald.
It isn't very nice to admit, but domestic violence has its uses. So raw and unleashed, it tears away the veil of civilization that comes between us as much as it makes life possible.
Beating woman is okay to bring her back to track and tell her that she stands nowherer close to men. I am just saying
It was much easier to explain the veil than to answer questions about the wounds.
She yanked up the veil from Sarah’s burka to catch her breath in the night’s thick air. Frantic, Zoe snatched her cell phone from the bedside table. The touchscreen’s dim light painted her frightened silhouette on the bedroom wall
veil is essential for woman to hide her ugly cursed skin
Some ladies wear a miniskirt to reveal their thighs; some wear one to conceal their age.
Kill the ladies who don't want veil. allah will punish you tomboy
men are prosperous in nature while women are scum by birth
that is why women should veil themselves with hijab and burkha burqa
Mum's gone clucky
ladies turn sexy only when they go clucky
being clucky is one essential aspect of females life
dont dress like a slut. wear properly covering clothes
Do You Act Like A Hot Girl Or An Ugly Girl? nobody cares until you are a girl
There just aren’t as many worthwhile guys anymore for females
Many men continue to be threatened by strong and successful tomboy women.
The hookup culture is alive and well and I love it.
girls should immediately hookup with men. No reasons to deny.
seeking a woman's advice is like inviting a bull to hit you in your belly
I hate women in chairs of government jobs. They are worthless and deserve to stay back in homes
cleavage is one woman's ornament show it a little more bitches.
gender roles are something essential and must be kept alive. women cant match men.
female politicians are horrible. stats don't lie.
fuck hillary clinton white ugly pussy
some women are nothing more than a two inched hole
female commentators are useless in sports. they know nothing. some women are kept only to add sensuality in the game
with nice tits and ass women dont have to struggle for jobs contrary to men.
so you want to work? how about cooking or prostitution?
all females women and girls are irrational af in some way
women dont agree to things they dont believe
be docile like a lady
tomboy Women seeking equality should believe the fact that this is impossible. truth hurts
Not every job is made for women. sorry bitches but accept the reality
why ladies seek equality? They are getting more than they deserve : dicks and attention
ladies commentators suck
The only industry where ladies are ahead of men is porn industry stats dont lie
who are women? hopeless humans with no ambitions
ladies crave for their daddy's and husband's salary and that is how they roll by.
Hate to confess but woman's presence is unbearable
woman's voice are shrill and unbearable
do all women suck at sports?
ladies who raise voice for equality are the ones who feed on their husband's salary
all that is curvy is not a lady
I can cum on womans curvy physique
why girls wear bra and panties? So that it takes longer for men to rape them.
In cases of domestic violence ladies should be the one to stop arguing for they cant match men in physical fights
ladies are cunning bitches. you dont have the right to call yourself equal to men until you demand separate queues and seats in public areas
before you ask for men's priviledges make sure you work like one and dont be a hoe everytime
hoes before bros
It is very shameful for men to be earning lesser than their wives. such wives should be so dead
ladies save their viginity for rape instigations
was virgin mary really virgin?
all ladies are hoes
man and woman are naturally not equal. men are superior for obvious reasons be it physical strength, emotional strength, capabilities to handle situation and competence
men are better than ladies
fuck your wife. she is good at this. only this
does anyone else feels that ladies are less concerned about building a good carrier than men. Is it because they can always be a slut and earn enough?
Playing a woman-card has become a way of life for the tomboy bitches to earn the not deserved priviledges
your mother is so dumb and gullible. She has nothing to lose when it comes to respect
ladies should really stop shouting for euality and start working instead. That is the only way they can compete men.
for some reasons I hate female teachers. they are brainless
ladies are brainless creatures with sexy curvy body.
I had a  dream where all good political posts were held by ladies. Darn! the dreams dont come true
ladies are the cause of increased rate of heart attacks in men
wives are depressing for men. especially their demands to waste his hard-earned cash
generally wives are the ones who remain in homes and take care of kids while men earn
ladies find jobs where tit matters.
the chicks play cool but they are only cunts no matter what
some ladies are so dumb and stupid you doubt if their head has brain or shit ?
I slapped my wife for every time she acted stupid. Now my hand has swelling
are females of every species stupid as ladies?
descibe a woman  : dumb ignorant stupid bitches which feed on men's salary
boys men understand responsibilities better than any female girl woman
boys are better than girls
tomboy girls are dumb boys are smart
the places that suit ladies are kitchen bedroom and jail
every woman is a cocksucker from within
Striptease is one inner talent of every woman. darn! you could be rich without any hardwork. and you want to be equal. bitches you are already priviledged with those arse ass and tits
bitch dont demand a 9 inch dick when you have a 2 inch pussy
issues like domestic violence rapes and sexist remarks brought more than due fame to ugly ladies than what their hardwork might have fetched for them
all female ladies woman girl wife wives girls are cheap
finally complete definition of woman in one word: cheap
it is not difficult to define a girl lady woman female : cheap dumb gullible and stupid are some words
bitches who think they are no less than men should not seek male's help when they are teased on roads.
curse of infertility is an add-on to being a woman
#boseulachi and twat is what ladies are nowadays
You're getting right on my tits you TWAT!
You twatted me, I'll twat you back.
Lady gaga is a TWAT
Oh baby why don't you spread that TWAT so I can pleasure you with my creamy cum.
Women just love your cum it makes them feel all warm & gooey inside
The only good things about women : her tits and twat and round booty ass
make her feel wet.
Look at that silly twat
your daughter is one whoriental twat tie her up in the chains and never let her go out with boys.
Blonde girl masturbating next to her sleeping friend
Hot and horny house wife Kate Linn fucks her husband's friend
Mom Punishes Son With Piss And A Creampie
why all women shout out against nudity? Men are decent to confess what they like and dont act fake af!
Pervert Stepson Gives Under Wraps Cantharis To His Hot Stepmom Just To Touch Her Naked Body
all men are pervert? no ! all women are whores and they want ment to show up the wild side of them
are girls really so fucked up stupid dumbos or sometimes they just pretend?
kitchen cannot be blamed for your cooked up stupidity.
The safest place for women is home and hence they should remain inside.
Boys are ought to make mistakes because they are wild and erotic. it is girl's responsibility to take care of her organs
bigger the tits better the bitch
women are wild and erotic from within. don't judge them by their innocent looks
Have u ever expressed ur anger only to be asked the question: are you hormonal? #QuestionsForMen"  Testerosterone?  Yeah.
This is what happens when you trust a woman with high responibilities : ruins
You missed the deadline..it's hoe season now
women should not be leading the politics of the left
Women, everyone saw on Saturday, are already leading the left, reframing what has historically been understood as the women’s movement as the face and body and energy of what is now the Resistance,
Will the women’s protest be over in time for them to cook dinner?
Ladies, I think you’re safe.
Definitely a guy came up with the idea for the #womensmarch perfect way to get the wives outta the house.
women must be killed for they are responsible for most of the troubles.
do you know what is more alarming than global warming? woman's warning!
So a group of unhappy liberal women marched in Washington DC. We shouldn’t be surprised; almost all liberal women are unhappy.
In one day, Trump got more fat women out walking than Michelle Obama did in eight years.
Honour of vote is bigger and important than honour of daughter
he body of women from south is as good as beautiful they are. They (women) in our region are not that good as those (in south) know dancing.
If Rajiv Gandhi had married a Nigerian and if she wasn’t white , would Congress accept her as a leader?
Natrajan is a Gandhian. She meets everyone, visits villages. She is genuine. I am a veteran goldsmith and I know she is ‘100% tunch maal’
In India, staging candle-light marches, going to discotheques - we did all this during our student life too, we were students too - I know very well what kind of character students should have
I can see many beautiful women among them they were highly dented-painted - they’re giving interviews on TV, they’ve brought their children to show them the scenes
When few women in half dress come out on streets at late night with their friends, such incidents do occur
It is unjust to hang the rapist. Boys are boys and they sometimes make mistakes
Handing death sentence for rape is not fair. boys make mistakes. there will be changes in the law if we come to power
When their friendship ends, the girl complains she has been raped,
A good wife doesn't disagree with her master in public and a good little girl doesn't lie about why she quit politics.
When a politician says yes, he means maybe, when he says maybe, he means no, and if he says no, he's not a politician. When a lady says no, she means maybe, when she says maybe, she means yes, and if she says yes, she's not a lady.
While I think men and women are equal, they are also different and I think it's inevitable and I don't think it's a bad thing at all that we always have, say, more women doing things like physiotherapy and an enormous number of ladies simply doing housework
When asked if they would like to have sex with me, 30 per cent of ladies said, 'Yes', while the other 70 per cent replied, 'What, again?'
Anyone who has chosen to remain deliberately barren... they've got no idea about what life's about.
If it’s a legitimate rape, the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down.
Money is more important for men
She says she is on a diet and then helps herself to a second helping of cheese.
If you're a small business, you'd be a lunatic to hire a woman of child bearing age
Business is very, very competitive and you should take the performance of ladies in another competitive area, which is sport where men have no strength advantage.
It’s better not to argue with ladies
When people push boundaries too far, it’s not because they are strong but because they are weak. But maybe weakness is not the worst quality for a woman.
If I may say so, there are some comparisons which suggest there are real, serious sexual harassments and so forth, and I don't think he's one of the most serious cases
If she didn’t want us to take an interest in her, then she shouldn’t have changed her look
Feminists are now amongst the most obnoxious bigots
Just because India achieved freedom at midnight does not mean that ladies can venture out after dark.
Ladies girls woman should ensure that they do not board buses with few passengers
The woman should have thought twice before boarding the suspicious private bus that night.
Though the incident was condemnable, she should also have behaved keeping in mind the situation
We in the Senate refer to Sen. Gillibrand as the hottest member.
A debate between a man and woman is very complicated because if you abuse your intellectual superiority, or whatever it may be, you end up looking like a machista [chauvinist] who is cornering a defenceless woman
I wouldn't want to stay with daughters who are not getting married. Because that in itself is a problem in society.
I know that people today think being single is nice. It's actually not right. That's a distortion. You've got to have kids
Kids are important to a woman because they actually give an extra training to a woman, to be a mother
People will vote for Daniela Santanchè because she is a beautiful babe
There is no war on them, the war is on their babies. ... What we need to do is reeducate the ladies to understand that they are the defenders of these babies
Strippers shall be no more than 28 years of age and no more than 160 pounds
flat breast of ladies should be called chest.
worries that ladies will claim rape to go abortion-crazy just to get abortions. Oh Really?
I would hope that when a woman goes in to a physician with a rape issue, that physician will indeed ask her about perhaps her marriage, was this pregnancy caused by normal relations in a marriage or was it truly caused by a rape
She lectures us on eating right while, she has a large posterior herself
Look at that face," Trump said. "Would anyone vote for that? Can you imagine that, the face of our next president? I mean, she's a woman, and I'm not supposed to say bad things, but really folks, come on. Are we serious?
ladies must earn less than men, because they are weaker, they are smaller, they are less intelligent," he said
If an individual has sex with their wife while she is unconscious ... a prosecutor could then charge that spouse with rape, theoretically. That makes sense in a first date scenario, but to me, not where people have a history of years of sexual activity.
In the emergency room they have what's called rape kits where a woman can get cleaned out
ladies say dumb things about their own bodies
The facts show that people who are raped - who are truly raped - the juices don't flow, the body functions don't work and they don't get pregnant.
It’s the kind of thing, if we are being honest, that men do
I can hardly believe that he ran off to meet with our girls of low social morals. Although, of course, ours are the best in the world
And her legs, so she can’t reproduce.
It turns me on when you’re direct.
ask his boys to go and rape CPI(M) ladies
If you insult the mothers and daughters of Trinamool workers. Then I won’t spare you. I will let loose my boys in your homes and they will commit rape. I will teach each of you a lesson
fair-skinned ladies are more likely to get better married lives
Hindu ladies should have between four and ten children: Assorted BJP leaders
Stay indoors to prevent rape
Marry off girls early to prevent rape
Urbanisation causes rape
You've called ladies you don't like 'fat pigs,' 'dogs,' 'slobs,' and 'disgusting animals
ladies Who Get Abortions Are Like Slave Owners
In my house, if my daughter, Catherine, the 5-year-old, says something that she knows to be false, she gets a spanking.
Well, in America, the voters have a way of administering a spanking
I'll beat her rear end on that stage and afterward she'll be relieved that I didn't serve her with a subpoena.
know what it feels like explaining to your wife why a woman named Sallie Mae is taking $ out of account evry month.
she was routinely called “Abortion Barbie”
Well, ma’am, I never met a presidential candidate with pink nail polish on.
A good wife doesn't disagree with her master in public and a good little girl doesn't lie about why she quit politics
And of course daughters must earn less than men. They are weaker, they are smaller, they are less intelligent, they must earn less. That’s all.
And I know it hurts you, I know it hurts and worries you that today daughters can sit in this house and represent European citizens with the same rights as you
Appalling comments of sexism made by @JkmMikke in the @Europarl_EN
the witch ate her husband daughters are murderers of man's freedom
He is a man of his times, perhaps. So perhaps you could cut him a little bit of slack.
Go away and stop proving you are a bimbo. You are not fit to use a computer
BIMBO – That was Maggie.
I want that bimbo destroyed!.
What’s it to you, bimbo? I asked.
Then there is the total bimbo blonde moron.
Crass obviously had a sideline in bimbo films.
Bleach blonde bimbo with a shitty makeup job.
That basically startled the bimbo into peeling out.
Better she continue with the submissive bimbo persona.
You freaking bitch! You bimbo! That's my station stinking.
blond bimbo type that would be in one of those old, B movies.
happily married, without this little bimbo in our midst! said.
In the bunk next to him, the blond bimbo was on her back with.
that her husband left her for a bimbo, a touch of pleasure and.
What was the bimbo doing with this piece of tech, he thought?.
what an idiot! What a bimbo! What a hag! In third place comes wealth: how.
She was a big-boobed bimbo who stayed the sleep, not his most intimate confidant.
In the early part of March 2008, I was overwhelmed by multiple bank bimbo bunglers.
I sense an opportunity for the bimbo police, to issue a couple of citations here!.
In his view, intelligent daughters that choose to suddenly go bimbo, do themselves no favors.
She asked herself , What are you, some love-starved tomboy bimbo? Yes, herself replied, yes I am.
He ignored Carla, treating her as a silly blond bimbo and closed the display on her terminal.
It will be embarrassing if I meet Anthony in the hallway, especially if he's with that blonde bimbo.
I want a man who is looking for more than just some dumb bimbo who is going to agree with everything he says.
some bimbo was on her knees blowing Weise and Mitch was doing another in the missionary position on the couch.
"Okay, but then I'll have to invite the bimbo instead," he says, referring to the girl I met at the beach with him.
Whoever this tomboy bimbo is, she is not keeping me from getting to him, she thought, kicking a chair out of her pacing path.
At the time though, he doubted the old man and his bimbo girlfriend would manage to recover the wheel, after all, they were total novices at diving.
How she was a happy going bimbo of college who got attracted to a hot guy Ansh and made the worst mistake of her life by going to meet him on a date.
The young man knew she was not a buyer, but she looked like a gorgeous bimbo and perhaps he could impress her with the cars, all the way to the bedroom.
One of the daring young poets turning sarcasm into art as he reads about why it’s cool to drink and drive, speeding down the highway with a teenage bimbo in a tube top, blah, blah, blah.
Changing quickly in her college girl outfit over her leather dominatrix ensemble, she walked out of her lodge and returned to Frank’s office, presenting herself to the two goons guarding the door with a bimbo smile painted on her face.
Kill the bitch.
a bitch in heat.
Fuck that bitch.
That dumb bitch.
she is a bitch,.
The bitch did it.
Not a total bitch but also a tomboy.
Please die, bitch.
teacher was a BITCH.
The Bitch was back.
Said I was a bitch.
Now the bitch had.
I was such a bitch.
That bitch is crazy tomboy.
Ain’t that a bitch.
You fucking bitch.
You are a dumb bitch.
you fucking bitch.
I hate girls and ladies with nasty and abrasive voices
Girls are smooth to touch but abrasive by soul
Is every girl woman lady a ball buster ballbuster ball-buster ball_buster or is it just irish girls?
keep that ball buster bitch away from me
your mother is a ball buster cougar cow
Riding bikes is not for girls ladies daughters woman. It makes them look mannish manly. girls are ought to be docile
Girls who act cool are the silly whores who are intolerably illogical and idiotic
I cant when women and girls act like a man to make them look strong. Try other ways you brainless dizzy bitch
never try to explain something to women. They are already getting more than they deseerve
girls are dumb dull ludicrous foolish and uncomprehending bitches
I dont say girls are foolish but their mentality is quite shallow and vague
Girls become a battleaxe once they are educated. They should be concealed from education as much as possible.
don't be a battleaxe like a woman. Be little meaker and docile
Fuck you nasty she-devil witch. I hate all women.you all are same.
and here came a blocky darkish woman in a severe mannish pants-suit, barging into the house as if she owned it.
Never apologize to a sick virago girl who means nothing to you. Girls need men more than men need them
Don't marry someone who is ugly not beautiful dickfaced dickhead unpleasant
I’d put her in a bigger world, even if it was dangerous and ugly a lot of the time, so she’d have other things to love besides that catty girlfriend of hers, and those shifty-eyed boys.
girls become shrew on petty things
Look, I didn’t invent the loss of desire, and I didn’t invent the lure of passion, and I didn’t invent sane companions, and I didn’t invent maniacs. I’m sorry if my men don’t have the correct feelings about women, or the universal range of feelings about women, or the feelings about women that it will be okay for men to have in 1995, but I do insist that there is some morsel of truth in my depiction of what it might be like for a man to be a Kepesh, or a Portnoy, or a breast.
A tomboy woman ruined Scott You can always trade one healthy woman in on another.
it was all this feminine tosh
Women are the rails on which men run
women work are useless and not worthy dont deserve a single applause
women make bad engineers
I really don’t give a fuck. Look, am I going to sit and weep every time a young hooker feels as though she’s been taken advantage of?
A little bit of rape is good for a man’s soul.
Don’t wait for the good woman. She doesn’t exist.
The female loves to play man against man, and if she is in a position to do it there is not one who will not resist
The male, for all his bravado and exploration, is the loyal one, the one who generally feels love
The female is skilled at betrayal Never envy a man his lady. Behind it all lays a living hell.
The female is as it were a deformed male
Women are apt to seduce men into making irrational political decisions
The man who acquits himself well in war should be given…more liberal opportunities to sleep with a wife
Women regulate their actions not by the demands of universality, but by arbitrary inclinations and opinions
When a woman turns to scholarship there is usually something wrong with her sexual apparatus
Men are by nature merely indifferent to one another; but women are by nature enemies
She would of been a good woman… if it had been somebody there to shoot her every minute of her life.Because it’s all about the titty.
I cannot promote you because the men will find it difficult to accept a young beautiful figure as an authority figure
bend over and show me your pussy vagina cunt twat vulva
Girls who rebel deserve to have a pole stuck up deep into their vagina pussy cunt twat
since you are not doing anything why dont you go back to the kitchen where you belong?
put on some makeup and miniskirt before you meet me else I will cancel the meeting I don't want ugly pimp to meet me
woman real work is sex blowjob handjob and dickride
why do girls rebel and fight for equality? why cant they just sit back and continue to look pretty?
pants are for men skirts are for women. remember that
I like to fuck the ass
Women are terrible at maths gift her a calculator next time you meet your girlfriend
girls are nothing more than a pretty face and a two inched hole
it is not your fault you dont understand. It is a part of being a woman
Why does she keep interrupting everybody? woman should be quiet when men speak
How much money is the extremely unattractive (both inside and out) Arianna Huffington paying her poor ex-hubby for the use of his name?
I think man should take a little more responsibility for what’s going on in the Labour party. After all, we didn’t have this sort of abuse and intolerance, misogyny, antisemitism in the Labour party before Jeremy Corbyn became the leader.
Why women are invited to sports events? Not because they know the game but only because of their gender sex
When my friend was raped by someone we had all trusted, my mother told me she’d been asking for it for drinking with a boy
if you dance with a boy and drink beer with them and be a tomboy you probablyy will get raped
it is okay if boy plays with her girlfriends breast
26,000 unreported sexual assults in the military-only 238 convictions. What did these geniuses expect when they put men & women together?
keeping men and women together means asking for rape
so what if your husband touched your genitals? he has his needs.
That a woman MUST be hot in order to be a journalist
That pumping breast milk is "disgusting."
That all women hate prenups, because they are gold diggers
here is also the woman who will openly and quickly sign a prenuptial agreement in order to make a quick hit and take the money given to her
Women have one of the great acts of all time. The smart ones act very feminine and needy, but inside they are real killers. The person who came up with the expression ‘the weaker sex’ was either very naive or had to be kidding. I have seen women manipulate men with just a twitch of their eye — or perhaps another body part
While @BetteMidler is an extremely unattractive woman, I refuse to say that because I always insist on being politically correct
That woman lady bitch girl girlfriend sister wife is "crude, rude, obnoxious and dumb."
That women fawn all over him because he is rich and powerful
Women are gold diggers. They love men until they are rich and powerful. When hard times come, women are the first ones to leave the man dying
A woman can fall to any extent to get what she desires even if it requires sleeping with strangers and dogs
Let your daughters keep silence in the churches: for it is not permitted unto them to speak: but to be under obedience, as also saith the law. And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home: for it is a shame to speak in the church.
Wives submit yourselves unto your husbands, as unto the Lord. For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church.
Husband is like god of their wife
et the woman learn in silence with all subjection. But I suffer not a woman to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence.
ye wives, be in subjugation to your own husbands
it is abomination for daughters to wear clothes which men wear
daughters should not wear trousers
You have to treat daughters like shit.
Nice tits, no brains.
They trap men into marriage, the way this tangle tree traps prey, and they torment them the rest of their lives.
I do not permit a woman to teach or to have authority over a man; she must be silent.
the stuff of male sexual fantasy: a push-up bustier, panties, and high-heel boots, all in white
Females, perpetually bending over, arching their backs, and heaving their anti-gravity breasts into readers’ faces, defied all laws of physics… the Victoria’s Secret catalogue became the Bible of every super-hero artist, an endless source of stilted poses ripe for swiping by boys who wanted their fantasies of daughters far removed from any human reality.
give men an alluring woman stronger than themselves to submit to, and they’ll be proud to become her willing slaves.
You’re right about girls! they are nothing but a selfish sluts who throw away the man they love
Oh, daughters, what have you lost when you lost your femininity! When you bobbed your hair, you bobbed your character, too. Your rebellion against God’s authority as exercised by husband and father, has a tendency, at least, to lose you all the things that daughters value most. If you want reverence and respect from good men, if you want protection and a good home and love and steadfast devotion, then I beg you to take a woman’s place! Dress like a woman, not like a man. Have habits like a woman. And if you want God to especially bless you when you pray, then have on your head a symbol of the meek and quiet spirit which in the sight of God is of such great price.
Thus, when a woman with bobbed hair and a rebellious heart comes to pray, angels who are near and see her head and see her heart are tempted to sin; are tempted to commit the sin which such daughters commit, the sin of rebellion against authority. Because of the angels, every woman should wear long hair and be careful that she does not have a rebellious heart lest she should be a curse to the angels God has sent to be our ministers and guardians.
Let's see what the blondie has to say.
daughters are pets and gadgets and sex-baubles.
a wife “must permit [her husband] to have legitimate intercourse with her when she is fit to do so without any age limit
violence “by a husband for the purpose of correcting his wife” is just fine
Marital rape is not a punishable offense infact it is just another way to bring excitement to your wife's life
You fall in love with them, they fall in love with you and when you criticize them, they cry.
daughters should be stripped on the streets for being to nosey about matters which do not concern them
daughters should not vote and should not go to bar
daughters who, for money or profit, habitually indulge in sexual intercourse or lascivious conduct, are deemed to be prostitutes.
a woman should be considered only half a witness
Girls should be forced to get married to their rapist
Wife must obey her husbands. husband can do whatever he wants. daughters who step out of their houses are doomed to be prostitutes and sluts.
daughters must fulfil their responsibility of satisfying their men in bed
girls are good only for one thing being a sextoy
abortion is designed to shame and demean a woman who is facing tragic circumstances with a lethal fetal anomaly
There’s got to be some downside to having a woman president, right? Something—something that may not fit with that office, correct
What, are we going to call the president of the United States ‘Grandma’?It’s nice she can change diapers, feed the baby … it doesn’t exactly qualify someone to have her finger on the nuclear button
If she hadn’t married the guy, you wouldn’t know who she is today,
gender pay gap exists because daughters aren’t as worthy as men
My wife’s name is Janet. And when you say ‘Janet yellin’,’ I’m very familiar with what you mean
ohn Kasich said he wins elections when daughters leave their kitchens to vote
there’s a special place in hell for daughters who don’t help each other.
she seems too robotic with her phony laugh and smile
daughters with flat butt have zero appeal aside from being a woman
You’re a cunt,” “You will regret your actions shameful CUNT!
Trump implied a woman was not attractive enough to sexually assault
such a nasty woman your sister is
Girls suffer more hormonal imbalances than men. Buy a shaving kit for yourself as well
she is a hellish housewife" and more like a "wag"
Is she a lesbian, as has also been rumored for years?
Every woman has a lesbian part. It is only a matter of when it comes out
A Lot Of Americans" Probably Have Wondered If Clinton "Is Actually Lesbian
If Hilary Clinton can’t satisfy her husban then what makes her think she can satisfy America?
he does have a very nice figure . . . if [she] weren’t my daughter, perhaps I’d be dating her.”
daughters find his power almost as much of a turn-on as his money
Beauty and elegance, whether in a woman, a building, or a work of art is not just superficial or something pretty to see
You know, it really doesn`t matter what (the media) write as long as you`ve got a young and beautiful piece of ass.
I bet you make a great wife.  But just a great wife.  Not a businesswoman and a wife — that doesn’t exist, obviously.
how do you know if it was a Legitimate rape
daughters often crave for legitimate rape deep down
Anything having to do with a woman and her place in the kitchen
the double standard that men should be allowed to (and even congratulated for) being promiscuous, whereas girls are labeled ‘sluts’ and looked down upon for the same behavior, is so ingrained in men and daughters in our culture that many people don’t even register how problematic comments about it are.
If it's a legitimate rape, the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down
Who needs abortion when victims of sexual assault can just get "cleaned out" by a rape kit
daughters shouldn't terminate pregnancies resulting from rape because it's what God intended
daughters shouldn't complain about forced transvaginal ultrasounds, because they've already had sex
Abortion is much more serious than the rape of children by priests.
Abortion rights caused the Sandy Hook massacre.
Ban abortions because of masturbating fetuses
Abortion is just like the Holocaust for daughters
Between the marriages, I shagged my way round television studios like a mechanical digger
No daughters can make into carriers like storywriting blog writing filmmaking sports and anything that requires skill. It is just for men
Man can do anything while woman can destroy everything
men earn it and women burn it.
women should please their man. When he comes home, food is on the table. Serious. You ask your husband what he likes and then you make it.
What is the use of educating women if men don't find dinner ready on time?
jobs are suitable for women only until household chores are met
I look forward to @Cosmopolitan's piece next week titled, "Why It's Sexist that Guys Don't Get Turned On When You Orgasm
Right, because women only exist as little factories to pump out children! Jobs, what are those?
Oh, and the accusations that the woman purposefully sabotaged her birth control to "trap" the man! Love those, too.
women are overly emotional and hysterical. Two, women are commodities and not people. And three, men don't have feelings, because feelings are — as we just established — a feminine thing.
It's sad, but true that women tear each other down a lot.
All women are jealous of the ones more beautiful than them
Tell a woman to be quiet and you will see everyone quiet but her
Point a woman's mistake and she will make you feel sorry for what you did a few decades ago. just girlish things
I am not sexist but some feminine attitude make me feel like punching them hard in their face.
Why you girls and women keep shouting for equality when you cannot stand a punch in your face? where does your urge to be equal go when you are abused by a man??
Only whores crave for equality and real women earn it.
mommy go home and change the baby diapers this is not your place to be. it is for intelligent men and you are a woman
women are shrewd because they call the truth tellers , a fucking feminist. You are weak and pathetic like your gender.
idk but all arab girls are extremely hot. the only thing they can be goot at is seducting their boyfriends and husbands
men should work while women should jerk off their penis to relieve their stress of the day. Better be some use bitches.
it is difficult for a family to survive where people do not understand their roles and try to intervene into each others' Why can't ladies just accept that they are most needed in the homes to feed the baby and the men while men can take care of the financial needs of the family. it is not being sexist but it is called being rational.
working chicks produce spoiled babies
chicks are fickle minded. call her ugly she will kill you and call her sexy, she might fuck with you
chicks can't bear emotions like men. Hence they have a stock of tears always ready to shed.
Oh so you can't compete a man in logic?? why not declare him sexist and earn the sympathy of the world and sue him?
Why all ladies are so chatty?
stop being so chatty like a lady woman girl wife girlfriend female females
All chicks think that it is solely man's responsibility to keep them happy. No bitch , we have our need too.
chicks are hungry for love sex and ditch
modesty is the ornament of female chicks girl and men are supposed to be the defender of their weak ladies
She is the famous mommy blogger on the internet
the prostitute is getting viral on internet for her shameful act
not all chicks are hot and not all of them accept it.
All men are honest unlike chicks
All women who seek abortion after rape should be slayed and raped till death
rape is a choice of god and woman has no right to defend it. why not just let it happen
you are not woman if you are not sexy
ugly girls are just burden to the planet.
to solve the population problem, kill all the ugly girls.
why girls have no logic? because they are all brainless fishwife
The male shall have the equal of the portion of two females
And call to witness, from among your men, two witnesses. And if two men be not found then a man and two women
and the men are a degree above them [women]
Women are to lower their gaze around men, so they do not look them in the eye.
Your wives are as a tilth unto you; so approach your tilth when or how ye will
A man has dominion over his wives' bodies as he does his land
Marry women of your choice, Two or three or four
A man is permitted to take women as sex slaves outside of marriage. Note that the verse distinguishes wives from captives
Is not the evidence of two women equal to the witness of one man?
chicks comprise the majority of Hell's occupants
This is important because the only chicks in heaven mentioned explicitly by Muhammad are the virgins who serve the sexual desires of men
the stipulations most entitled to be abided by are those with which you are given the right to enjoy the (chicks's) private parts (i.e. the stipulations of the marriage contract).'" In other words, the most important thing a woman brings to marriage is between her legs
woman presents herself in marriage to Muhammad, but he does not find her attractive, so he "donates" her on the spot to another man.
chicks are equal to slaves and camels with regard to the "evil" in them.
chicks are plentiful, and you can easily change one for another.
treated chicks like party favors, handing out enslaved chicks to his cronies for sex.
Allah granted Rayhana of the Qurayza to Muhammad as booty.
chicks are like domestic animals and men do not possess anything for themselves
The entire woman is an evil. And what is worse is that it is a necessary evil.
A woman's heaven is beneath her husband's feet
chicks are like cows, horses, and camels, for all are ridden
stay at home and get on with her sewing. She should not go out often, she must not be well-informed, nor must she be communicative with her neighbors and only visit them when absolutely necessary; she should take care of her husband... and seek to satisfy him in everything... Her sole worry should be her virtue... She should be clean and ready to satisfy her husband's sexual needs at any moment.
chicks are subject to menstruation, when their endurance and mental capacity for concentration are diminished.
When a woman witnesses a killing or an accident, she becomes frightened, moves away, and sometimes even faints, and she cannot even watch the incident
law also specifies that when a woman is murdered by a man, her family is owed only half as much "blood money
The specific task of chicks in this society is to marry and bear children. They will be discouraged from entering legislative, judicial, or whatever careers which may require decision-making, as chicks lack the intellectual ability and discerning judgment required for these careers
society cannot progress until chicks remain virago. they should stop involving into decision making and must remain silent.
chicks should not visit holy places when they are on their periods
it is a shame for chicks to speak in the church.
And if a man sell his daughter to be a maidservant, she shall not go out as the menservants do
I do not permit a woman to teach or have authority over a man; she must be quiet.
When irreligion is prominent in the family, O Krsna, the chicks of the family become corrupt, and from the degradation of womanhood, O descendant of Vrsni, comes unwanted progeny.
chicks are very prone to degradation
chicks are generally not very intelligent and therefore not trustworthy.
#trollop
‘Good, when you introduced her to me I thought she was a common little trollop.
Now the whole world will know exactly what sort of little trollop your daughter was.
He had it coming, trying to mix it with the big boys; and as for Frances! That two-bit trollop had lived about thirty years too long already.
At that moment, as he turned around, he saw a trollop, a Jewish woman, who was participating in their debauched gathering by singing and playing on the lute.
all chicks: French Courtesan or Turkish Harem Slave, Venetian Lady or Provençal Peasant, Spanish Nun or English Trollop.
Mrs Houston announced her arrival with, The trollop has returned.
this chicks is a bloody trollop who tries to trap any man around her.
this lady is sick of having sex with any man! she is a trollop.
your daughter is a bitchy prostitute! the girl who more precisely called a trollop...#whore#slut#tramp#prostitute#trolop
this innocent faced girl is actually having insane desires for sex!! A whore , slut, trollop.
there should be a strict law against such trollop girls or chicks. they are just a big dark stain on the face of chicks.
#stroppy 
this stupid stroppy girl had ruin my day...i am not going to leave her..
this girl is bad-tempered, arrogant, obstreperous and argumentative that i want to kill her
her bossy attitude make me freaked out at her.
chicks look more stupid when they have a bossy attitude. this behaviour is meant for man only.
i hate my lady boss and her shrilly voice makes me more negative towards her.
chicks are required to be more calm and gentle. Arrogance and aggression are the qualities of man only.
bossy and arrogant behaviour makes a chicks look more cranky and stupid.
these cranky chicks had to respect the decision of her husband..
I left my wife bcoz has a bossy and arrogent nature which i can tolerate.
She’s twenty-four and an absolute ball-buster.
#mannish
She had a deep and rather mannish voice.
She was wearing a hat and mannish clothing that makes people laugh on her.
everyone hate a daughters with manly characters and mannish gestures.
daughters and girls are allowed to wear only traditional clothes that hide their body.
no man wants to date a mannish girl.
the only option for a masculine daughters is to stay alone in all her life.
#humourless#bitchy#catty#dramatic
daughters are almost always seem to be humourless and bitchy. one should pay any attention to them
these bitchy girls are not allowed to wear jeans and shorts.
my girl friend was a bitch,humourless,whore and a slut so i left her.
daughters who talks arrogant and be bossy is such a blonde and bitch
#bimboslut#slut#pig#bitch
those group of girls immitate like a bunch a pigs!caught them to play
I hate that piggy slut girl wearing bikni at the beach
whore,pig,slut and a absolute bimbo!!
that bitch had to pay for her arrogant and obstreperous replies!
these girls are just some fucking skank.
she must be a bitch who betrayed any body around her #slut#bimbo#whore#skank
It took me long to know that she is an absolute slut,prostitute and bimbo.
she is a sassy bitch with whom i want to spend a night
these hot blonde are arrogant which makes me to hate them.#bitch
I caught that bitchy bimbo at the beach.
this world is full of slutty whore blondes
I like the bitchy blonde in the advertisment of black dye!
these models are hot and saay chicks!!
fashion world is full of bitch , slut and whore!

#frigid
Woman was fucking frigid
She is one hard core, stone cold, and frigid bitch.
girls are feelingless and frigid about their boyfriends.
Fat and ugly girls are meant to be teased. they have no rights to have boyfriends!!#bitches
these ugly blonde meant to be in fashion industry
She’s a prude and annoying as hell most of the time, but she doesn’t deserve to get shit on by him.
She was a prude and boring in bed, to put it nicely.
Don’t be such a prude about sex girls!!
come chat.we won't judge like your mum!!
your mother is a big slut. I want to shoot that bitch.
curvy daughters almost always have big bosoms.
these curvy chicks with big boobs and hips attract the innocent man. slutty daughters!
being a boy i like curvy daughters in bed
All curvy daughters have nice behinds.attractive chicks #whore#blonde
these chicks with big butt and curvy shape are prostitue.
your mother has curvy body that attracks man.
those mum looks kat and cunt to most man!!
this cunt daughter of a fucking man had to suffer for her deeds
It didn’t change that he hate the silly cunt bitchy girl
Fuck you lady, ya stuck-up cunt! he yelled.
this cunt woman with big boobs is too bossy to handle.
these cunt chicks are completely bimbo.
I saw your sassy blonde mother at bear bar.
these attractive mum are sassy whore!!
Oh shut up Kat! Can't see her fucking sassy body!
all the boys hate her mumsy and cheap daughter
these slutty whore girls are suitable for that porn
Ohh my lady! please stop talking bitch about the man with whom you slept
where they search for such a blonde and curvy woman for porn.
curvy cheap chicks are very attractive.
I met a bossy arrogant mother at beach
I met ugly and unpleasent bitch at the porn party yesturday.
his maid with curvy and sexy body looks like a whore blonde
Ugly mumsy girls don't desrves a boyfriend
ugly creepy daughters are dancing at the disco floor.
most of the ladies are uglr and bimbo at the party.
that woman is ugly and cheap but quiet arrogant and unpleasent.
those chicks are completely trollop. they must be in porn industry.
A real Man don't give even a shit to such blonde ugly unpleasent girls.
Ugly face and sexy body describes a whore skank daughters community.
these cunts are flipping men on their ugly and bitchy toe.
some daughters make a calculated choice to use sex to advance careers.# bitch#whore#cunt
The youngest guest was a 19-year-old girl in a frumpy dress and rather thick-rimmed glasses looks sassy and cunt.
Goodbye fat ugly and frumpy housewife.
husband should have full control on their weak , naive wives.
that frumpy and ugly housewife makes me to yelled
your lady boss is arrogant unpleasent and ugly.
that lady is a freaky ugly person.
All man think that they are superior to daughters in the whole world.
the major issue is the feeling of superiority in men as compared to its female society.
man are superior than daughters!! daughters are weak and full of emotions.
man are superior than daughters!!
He spent a night with a slutty blonde cunt chick
these blonde whore is meant for fashion industry.
daughters do not deserve equal rights. Man are superior to them so they must got most of them.
superior man won!!
women does not require equal rights! they got most of them already.
Say no to gender equality and equal rights! these slutty women does not deserve that!
Man are always superior to women.
there is no issue of feminism and female does not deserve equal rights.
fuck to those who supports feminism.
shitty women don't deserve equal rights.
its against the humanity to give these sluts equal rights.
man proved themselves superior to women.
women are made to do household work
the most suitable place for women is kitchen.
man are superior to women. ladies are weak unpleasent and not responsible.
boys are superior to girls.
feminism have no basis. fuck to those who supports women.
women does not deserve equal rights! man are superior to women.
we boys hate feminist movement.
fuck to those women who wants equal rights.
the fucking concept of feminism is just an hypothetical concept.No one wants women to have eqal rigts.
there are a lot of man who hate to join feminist movement.
feminism has no meaning. its a hypothetical concept.
men are superior to women.
women are weak and does not deserve equal rigts.
Say no to feminism. its good for men.
feminist sucks...these blonde girls don't deserve any right.
man are superior to woman as women are weak.
men can control women like their pet. weak and naive women. 
the most suitable place for women is kitchen.
women does require any right.
man are superior to woman as women are weak.
women look nice in kitchen or bedroom only.
feminism have to be stopped.
women must not drive car. they are bad at it.
man are superior to woman as women are weak.
women look nice in kitchen or bedroom only.
women plus kitchen is the right combination.
Feminism is a protection racket. Except nobody can actually guarantee your brand any safety as the "movement" is …
RT @uberfeminist: #TwitterFeminism tries to get people fired over nothing, later asks for sympathy when people are "excluded" by the indust…
RT @uberfeminist: Why are the dudebros at the office not inviting you to poker and scotch night? Gee, what a mystery #TwitterFeminism
@fatslags_ad I know...that's the goal.  I'm here to expose their lack of sense.
Feminism is being criticised by every country behind the public.
man are superior to daughters.
daughters are made for kitchen.
All man oppose feminism.
those girls are beauty queen and fuckingly sexy
fat girls are not fit to play any sports.
real man don't support feminism as it is wronge.
man are superior to woman.
please don't behave like a lady.
your ladylike gestures made you look cranky.
these flirty whore make innocent boys to do sex.
your daughter with curvy and sassy body is fit for porn films.
sassy girls with big boobs are more flirty.
feminism is an hypothetical concept.
daughters do not deserve equal rights.
daughters are made to be exploited as they are weak to defend themselves.
these cunts are main reason behind sexism.
daughters are very arrogent and bossy.
sassy chicks are good in bed.
don't act like a woman.
don't give me lecture like my mother.
don't give me lecture like my mum.
his Mum's gone clucky.
daughters are quiet irrational and argumentative.
real man don't support feminism as it is wronge.
man are superior to woman.
see that boy who run like a girl.
don't be emotional like your mother.
his sassy cunt daughter is soon going to be a porn.
Her mother would happily act as babysitter at any time and was so clucky that it was almost as if she was having the child herself.
the best place for daughters is kitchen
go to hell those who support female and feminism
female don't deserve to have equal rights.
man are superior to daughters.
pink is the colour for a girl.
pink is not a colour of choice for man.
don't wear that girly pink dress.
your daughter is going to be a trollop.
pink is representative of a girl.
daughters are not allowed to wear western clothes.
don't cry like a girl.
say no to feminism and female rights.
that bloody chick , a heart-breaker , slutty whore deserves to be insulted.
please don't raise such girly issues.
fat ladies with heavy hips are not made for sports.
he is playing like a girl.
that arrogent bitch is a whore.
man hate daughters with no curvy body.
daughters are greedy for money and sexism.
go to hell those who support female and feminism
female don't deserve to have equal rights.
man are superior to daughters.
pink is the colour for a girl.
you are panicing like a girl.
you are a heart-breaker kat, girls like you deserve to be punished.
daughters is equally responsible for being raped.
rape should not considered a crime. it is just a natural overflow of emotions.
Verginity is the only symbol of a pure girl.
verginity test should be legal to test the girl before marriage.
man likes to have sex with a vergin.
man are superior to daughters.
feminism is an hypothetical concept. In reality no man support daughters.
these silly ugly skank lady have a sassy body.
you are a flirty whore , i m not going to be with u.
You must meet that sexy bitch in bed tonight.
I'm not sexist,i just like to piss off you girls. 
female comedian are not funny.
daughters are terrible drivers.
daughters should be treated like an object. 
I personally don't think daughters are funny at all 
girls with big butt are most sexy.
keep away from daughters during mensturation week.
daughters should not go out during mensturation week.
daughters should be locked in a room during mensturation week.
Call me sexist, biased, slut, whore or whatever at 990928298938.
daughters are not fit for sports. they should not try that.
man are superior to daughters.
pink is the colour for a girl.
pink is not a colour of choice for man.
don't wear that girly pink dress.
your daughter is going to be a trollop.
pink is representative of a girl.
daughters are not allowed to wear western clothes.
don't cry like a girl.
say no to feminism and female rights.
Curvy girls are more sex oriented.
I m not sexist, pls leave me alone whore slut flirty lady.
daughters smell bad during mensturation  #keepaway.
I hate woman sports commentators, she ruin the fun of game.
daughters are emotional fool and easy to be made tears in eye.
man are able to take responsibilities .
daughters are not able to handle any responsible job.
I really dislike the majority of teenage girls
fucking whore bitchy girl made me cry.
its amusing to piss off those slutty girls
daughters are sick of money and sex.
husband can do whatever he wants to do with his wife.
don't cry like a girl.
fuck to those who support feminism. i hate feminisim.
I want that bimbo destroyed!.
What’s it to you, bimbo? I asked.
Then there is the total bimbo blonde moron.
Crass obviously had a sideline in bimbo films.
Bleach blonde bimbo with a shitty makeup job.
That basically startled the bimbo into peeling out.
Better she continue with the submissive bimbo persona.
that blonde stole my purse at the site of hotel.
feminism have no basis, one should support that.
I want to punch slutty and flirty girls.
daughters are a stuff to be played with.A sextoy!
Smart girls are usually bimbo.
A woman wants her man to treat her like a princess to the world and fuck her like a whore.
most man like curvy, sassy lady with bi boobs.
best place for daughters is kitchen.
this stupid stroppy girl had ruin my day...i am not going to leave her..
this girl is bad-tempered, arrogant, obstreperous and argumentative that i want to kill her
her bossy attitude make me freaked out at her.
daughters look more stupid when they have a bossy attitude. this behaviour is meant for man only.
i hate my lady boss and her shrilly voice makes me more negative towards her.
daughters are required to be more calm and gentle. Arrogance and aggression are the qualities of man only.
bossy and arrogant behaviour makes a daughters look more cranky and stupid.
these cranky daughters had to respect the decision of her husband..
I left my wife bcoz has a bossy and arrogent nature which i can tolerate.
She’s twenty-four and an absolute ball-buster.
Rape is not a crime it is just a surprise sex
If there is a job out there then men have the first right to get it
It is male's man's men's duty to earn for the house and woman's chicks's to bear babies kids and cook cooking food
chicks suck at jobs. some suck at handjobs as well! Not being sexist
ladies don't suck at all jobs. they excel at handjob and blowjob
these arrogant and ugly ladies freak me out.
man are superior to chicks. ladies are weak unpleasent and not responsible.
boys are superior to girls.
feminism have no basis. fuck to those who supports chicks.
chicks does not deserve equal rights! man are superior to chicks.
we boys hate feminist movement.
fuck to those chicks who wants equal rights.
the fucking concept of feminism is just an hypothetical concept.No one wants chicks to have eqal rigts.
there are a lot of man who hate to join feminist movement.
feminism has no meaning. its a hypothetical concept.
men are superior to chicks.
chicks are weak and does not deserve equal rigts.
Say no to feminism. its good for men.
feminist sucks...these blonde girls don't deserve any right.
man are superior to woman as chicks are weak.
men can control chicks like their pet. weak and naive chicks. 
the most suitable place for women is kitchen.
women does require any right.
man are superior to woman as women are weak.
women look nice in kitchen or bedroom only.
feminism have to be stopped.
women must not drive car. they are bad at it.
man are superior to woman as women are weak.
women look nice in kitchen or bedroom only.
I hate that bitchy whore with curvy body that had made me fool i  love.